boss
Yes
Did you choose a bad necklace?
You said that women have power other than jewelry money
What else do you need?
It depends on whether it is a girl or true love
I'm not sure now
What kind does he belong to?
Tell me about it.
Like my girlfriend is a fluffy
I have to go with him to stroking cats and dogs
I don't even have the expensive bag and necklace he gave me.
absurd
boss
If you don't know what she likes
You can spend more time with her
Pick her up and down
Accompany her to dinner and watch a movie
Return all itineraries after 5 o'clock
Repack this.
Delivered to the Asian Union
Yes
Assistant Xu
The latest issue of "Financial News" is going LIVE
As an assistant
Hurry up and write your manuscript for me
If there is any problem with the show, I will only be you.
Is to ask
This is live
Don't you need to read the manuscript in advance?
Only incompetent people need to be drafted
I'll be flexible
I am now a live streaming host
It's not your turn, a little assistant, to point fingers at me
What the hell is this?
incoherent
My standards are very high.
rewrite
Excuse me, who is Miss Xu Shiyang?
I am